# 阐述现象

## 开局

Few sights are more pitiful than a child of three, hammer in hand, breaking big rocks into smaller ones to sell for pennies.

In recent weeks diversity at work has taken on a new meaning.

## 措施

Many will not return to school after the temporay closures imposed in contries to curb transmission of the virus.

许多国家都采取了暂时的封锁措施以限制疫情蔓延，

## 呼吁

This increase in misery has prompted calls for tougher enforment of child-labour laws.

童工数量的增加令人心痛，这促使人们呼吁更严格地执行童工法。



Does anyone really understand what is going on in the world economy.

Yet, as we report this week, the age of bewilderment is starting to give way to greater enlightment. 

然而，如本周所述，迷茫时代开始让步于大启蒙。

The world is on the brink of a real-time revoluation in economics, as the quality and timeliness of information are transformed.

The desire for better economic data is hardly new.

渴望获得更优质的经济数据并不是什么新鲜事

Bad and late data can lead to policy errors that cost millions of jobs and trillions of dollars in lost ouput.

The bank of England may be about to make a similar mistake today.

These trends will intensify as technology permeats the economy.

Timely data would cut the risk of policy cock-ups ---- it would be easier to judge, say , if a dip in activity was becoming a slump, 

The real-time revolution promises to make economic decisions more accurate, transparent and rules-based.

New indicators may be misinterpreted: is global recession starting or is Uber just losing market share?

Big firms could hoard data, giving them an undue advantage.

In fact no amount of data can reliably predict the future.

even samll drops in long-run occupancy rates will gave a big effect on rents and prices.

upgrading or converting them will often cost a fortune.

One reason is the enduring exuberance for anythig with the whiff of tech.

Yet another crucial global market has gone form glut to shortage at breackneck speed.

又一个至关重要的全球市场迅速从过剩变为短缺。

Many people object to assisted dying on religious ground. Other worry that safeguards will prove insuffiicient.

很多人出于宗教原因反对安乐死，其他人则担心保护措施不充分。

Yet such horros do not seem to have come to pass.

然而上述担忧似乎并未发生。



# 超级歇后语

Such optimism is at best deluded, at worst disnonest.

Every business cycle, as it runs out of puff, reveals problems that seem obvious in hindsight.

# 举例说几点

But three things seem to unite them.

The first is that entrepreneurs routinely see opportunities where everyone else see problems. A suprising number of great companies were born out of fury and frustration.

The second is an ability to live with risk and failure. Entrepreneurs do not go out of their way to court risk for its own sake. 

The third feature uniting them is a determination to run their own lives. Most entrepreneurs have a problem with authority. They would rather fail as their own boss than succedd as second-in-command. A striking number of them come from diffucult backgrounds.

